[PLA-6042] documentation for formulation design space and constraints. (#493)
CitrineInformatics/citrine-python: docs/source/workflows/design_spaces.rst

    )

    registered_design_space = project.design_spaces.register(design_space)

Formulation Design Space
------------------------

A formulation design space defines the set of formulations that can be produced from a given set of ingredient names, labels and constraints.
Ingredient names are specified as a set of strings, where each string is a unique ingredient name, e.g., ``{'water', 'salt'}`` to a design space with two ingredients.

> Labels are specified as a mapping from each label to a set of ingredient names that should be given that label is present in a formulation, e.g., ``{'solute': {'salt'}}``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Labels are specified as a mapping from each label to a set of ingredient names that should be given that label if present in a formulation, e.g., ``{'solute': {'salt'}}``.
```

An ingredient may be given multiple labels, and these labels are static.

> An ingredient will always be given all applicable labels when present in a formulation.

Reviewer: How does this work with multi-level formulations? If ingredient "binder3" has label "binder" but it is only included in the formulation indirectly through "binder solution4", then when the formulation is flattened to include "binder3" will it be labeled?

Author: In your example, the label for "binder3" will be added by a `SimpleMixturePredictor` when the formulation is flattened. The design space doesn't know that "binder3" is present in "binder solution4", so there won't be a "binder" label in the un-flattened formulation.

Reviewer: ok, that is how I would expect it to work

Constraints restrict the total number or fractional amount of ingredients in formulations sampled from the design space.
There are three constraints that can be specified as part of a formulation design space:

- :class:`~citrine.informatics.constraints.ingredient_count_constraint.IngredientCountConstraint` constrains the total number of ingredients in a formulation.

>   At least one ingredient count constraint that constrains the total number of ingredients in formulations emitted from the space is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  At least one constraint on the total number of ingredients is required.
```
Trying to make this as clear and succinct as possible, since it's such an important point and likely to cause user-frustration if they miss it.

  Formulation design spaces without this constraint will fail validation.
  Additional ingredient count constraints may specify a label.
  If specified, only ingredients with the given label count towards the constraint total.
  This could be used, for example, to constrain the total number of solutes in a formulation.
- :class:`~citrine.informatics.constraints.ingredient_fraction_constraint.IngredientFractionConstraint` restricts the fractional amount of a single formulation ingredient between minimum and maximum bounds.
- :class:`~citrine.informatics.constraints.label_fraction_constraint.LabelFractionConstraint` restricts the total fraction of ingredients with a given label in a formulation between minimum and maximum bounds.
  This could be used, for example, to ensure the total fraction of ingredients labeled as solute is within a given range.

All minimum and maximum bounds for these three formulation constraints are inclusive.
Additionally, fractional constraints have an ``is_required`` flag.
By default ``is_required == True``, and ingredient and label fractions must be within the minimum and maximum bound defined by the constraint.

> If set to ``False``, the fractional amount must be within the specified bounds *only* when the constrained ingredient (for ingredient fraction constraints) or any ingredient with the given label (for label fraction constraints) present in a formulation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If set to ``False``, the fractional amount must be within the specified bounds *only* when the constrained ingredient (for ingredient fraction constraints) or any ingredient with the given label (for label fraction constraints) are present in a formulation.
```

Setting ``is_required`` to ``False`` effectively adds 0 as a valid value.

Formulation design spaces define an inherent ``resolution`` for formulations sampled from the domain.
This resolution defines the minimum step size between consecutive formulations sampled from the space.
Resolution does not impose a grid over fractional ingredient amounts.

> Instead, it provides a manner to specify the characteristic length scale for the problem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead, it provides a way to specify the characteristic length scale for the problem.
```

> Set resolution to the minimum changed to a fractional ingredient amount that your problem is sensitive to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set resolution to the minimum change to a fractional ingredient amount that your problem is sensitive to.
```

> The default resolution is 0.01, which means consecutive samples from the domain will displace a fractional amount 0.01 or greater between two ingredients.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default resolution is 0.01, which means consecutive samples from the domain will differ by a fractional amount of at least 0.01 between two ingredients.
```

> Formulations sampled from the design space will be stored using the :class:`~citrine.informatics.descriptors.FormulationDescriptor` defined when the design space is configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Formulations sampled from the design space are stored using the :class:`~citrine.informatics.descriptors.FormulationDescriptor` defined when the design space is configured.
```

Each formulation contains two pieces of information: a recipe and information about ingredient labels.
Each recipe can be thought of as a map from ingredient name to its fractional amount, e.g., ``{'water': 0.99, 'salt': 0.01}``.
Ingredient fractions in recipes sampled from a formulation design space will always sum to 1.

> Label information define which labels applied to each ingredient in the recipe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Label information defines which labels are applied to each ingredient in the recipe.
```

If set to ``False``, the fractional amount may be either zero or within the specified bounds.
In other words, the fractional amount is restricted to the specified bounds *only* when the formulations contains the constrained ingredient (for ingredient fraction constraints) or any ingredient with the given label (for label fraction constraints).
Setting ``is_required`` to ``False`` effectively adds 0 as a valid value.

Formulation design spaces define an inherent ``resolution`` for formulations sampled from the domain.
This resolution defines the minimum step size between consecutive formulations sampled from the space.
Resolution does not impose a grid over fractional ingredient amounts.
Instead, it provides a way to specify the characteristic length scale for the problem.
The resolution should be set to the minimum change in fractional ingredient amount that can be expected to make a difference in your problem.
The default resolution is 0.01, which means that at least one ingredient fraction will differ by at least 0.01 between consecutive candidates sampled from the formulation design space.

> Formulations sampled from the design space are stored using the :class:`~citrine.informatics.descriptors.FormulationDescriptor` passed to the design space is configured.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Formulations sampled from the design space are stored using the :class:`~citrine.informatics.descriptors.FormulationDescriptor` passed to the design space when it is configured.
```
